hi this is pressure Locker let's discuss
an infinite exponential let's say you
need to solve for X in the equation X to
the power of X to the power of X to the
power of X infinitely repeated is equal
to 2 how do you solve it if you want to
take a stab pause the video otherwise
keep watching for the solution the trick
is to observe a pattern the exponent is
X to the power of X to the power of X
and so on and we know this is equal to 2
therefore we can rewrite the problem as
x squared is equal to 2 which then means
X is equal to the square root of 2 I
hope you like this video please
subscribe to my channel I make videos on
math and game theory you can support me
on patreon catch me on my blog mind your
decisions on Twitter at pressure Locker
and you can get my books